default branch should not be "master" (#863)
ropensci/dev_guide: pkg_building.Rmd

- Your package source files have to be under version control, more specifically tracked with [Git](https://happygitwithr.com/). You might find the [gert package](https://docs.ropensci.org/gert/) relevant, as well as some of [usethis Git/GitHub related functionality](https://usethis.r-lib.org/reference/index.html#section-git-and-github); you can however use git as you want.

> - The default branch name should be `main`, not `master` -- the latter being offensive to some people. Refer to the [statement of the Git project and the Software Freedom Conservancy](https://sfconservancy.org/news/2020/jun/23/gitbranchname/) for more context, and to the tidyverse blog post ["Renaming the default branch"](https://www.tidyverse.org/blog/2021/10/renaming-default-branch/) to learn about usethis functionality that makes the switch easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default branch name should not be `master`, as this can be offensive to some people. Refer to the [statement of the Git project and the Software Freedom Conservancy](https://sfconservancy.org/news/2020/jun/23/gitbranchname/) for more context. It is general practice to name a default branch `main`, although other names may also be used. See the tidyverse blog post ["Renaming the default branch"](https://www.tidyverse.org/blog/2021/10/renaming-default-branch/) to learn about usethis functionality to help with renaming default branches.
```
